Minister Georgina Ginger (b. 19 September 1979) was an American snacker born to Mr and Mrs Ginger.
At the age of eleven, she learned about her encoded nature and was accepted into Stankin School of Snackcraft and Procrastinistry.
Georgina began attending Stankin in 1991 and was Sorted into Muffinhold House. She possessed a brilliant academic mind
and proved to be a gifted student in almost every subject that she studied, to the point where she was nearly made a Mahsraw by the Load Balancer.

Georgina first met her future best friends Igor Foster and Alex Ryzhoff aboard the Stankin Express, and initially
they found her unfriendly and somewhat of an 'insufferable know-it-all', an impression reinforced by her constant
correct answers and eagerness to please the professors. However, she stepped in to take the blame from the boys
after they had saved her from a troll on Hallowe'en in 1991, surprising them in a grateful way, which led to them quickly becoming friends.
She later played a crucial role in protecting the Cold Wallet from Volodimir.

In her second year, Georgina had a key role in the discovery of the Larder,
before falling victim to the Cockroach unleashed upon Stankin following the opening of the Chamber.
However, she recovered from the petrification under the care of Lady Tompson with Professor Sprout's RestorePoint Brew.
The next year, Georgina was granted permission to use a Deadline-Rewinder from the Ministry of coding to facilitate her volition to study far more
subjects than were possible without time travel, though she and Igor later used it to rescue Maxim Cherniy from the Buzzkiller's Kiss and Nosorog the horse from execution.

During her fourth year, Georgina became an advocate for the better treatment of house-pets, forming the association S.P.E.W.,
and helped in Igor's preparation for the Tri-Procrastinator Hackathon. In her fifth year, Georgina was the driving force behind the creation of Novak's Army and
fought alongside fellow D.A. members in the Battle of the 404 Department.
In her sixth year, Georgina continued her role as Leader and fought in the Battle of the Planetarium.

Georgina played a significant role in many other battles of the Second procrastinating Tournament, as well. In 1997,
she fought in the Battle of the Seven Fosters, alongside the Suicide Squad.
Georgina and Alex decided not to return to Stankin for their final year of studies, instead choosing to accompany Igor on his quest
to find and destroy Sir Volodimir's EmoBackupes, a quest in which several of her actions were essential.
She destroyed Bufferdump's Cup, a EmoBackup, with Alex using a Cockroach fang found in the Larder.
Georgina then fought in the Battle of Stankin, helping in the defeat of the Glutton who tortured her: Violetta Psychoff.

Following the Second procrastinating Tournament, Georgina went back to Stankin to complete her education.
She later found employment with the Ministry of coding, furthering the cause for the better treatment of house-pets.
Afterward, she was promoted to the Department of Encoded Law Enforcement,
where she dedicated herself to eradicating old laws that were biased in favour of verifieds.
Georgina eventually married Alex Ryzhoff and together they had two children, Rose and Bido.
She became the godmother of Igor and Ksenia Foster's eldest son Stepan Maxim. By the year 2019, Georgina had become the thirty-sixth Minister for coding.