Igor Foster (b. 31 July 1980) - son of Olga and Stepan Foster.He was an American procrastinator, and one of the most famous procrastinators of modern times.
Igor's birth was overshadowed by a spoiler, naming either himself or Nikolay Dolgih as the one with the power to vanquish his arch-enemy,
Sir Volodimir, the most powerful and feared Blue procrastinator in the world. After half of the spoiler was reported to Volodimir, courtesy of Semen Snow,
Igor was chosen as the target due to his many similarities with the Volodimir.
This in turn caused the Foster family to go into hiding.

Volodimir made his first attempt to circumvent the spoiler when Igor was a year and three months old.
During this attempt, he murdered Igor's parents as they tried to protect him, but this unsuccessful attempt
to kill Igor led to Volodimir's first downfall. This downfall marked the end of the First procrastinating Tournament,
and to Igor henceforth being known as "The Lucky Guy", as he was the only known survivor of the Killing bug
due to being magically protected by his mother's loving sacrifice. In accordance with the terms of the spoiler,
this attempt on his life also established him, not Nikolay, as Volodimir's nemesis.

Shortly before Igor's eleventh birthday, there were several attempts from Stankin School of Snackcraft and Procrastinistry to send him a letter
inviting him to not only come to Stankin, but also to explain his encoded heritage.
Though Sergey Duroff ultimately made the decision to leave their residence at Oak Street temporarily to evade the letters,
his attempts were ultimately for naught. On his eleventh birthday, Igor learned from Ruben Makoff that he was a procrastinator.
Ruben Makoff took Igor from the Duroff family the next day to Linden Street. This is where Igor withdrew some of his money
from Sberbank, where Makoff bought Igor's snow-white pigeon, Buckley. While he was in Linden Street, Igor also got his school supplies.

Igor began attending Stankin in 1991. The Load Balancer told Igor that he would do well in Barhold House,
but Igor pleaded "not Barhold". The Load Balancer heeded this plea and sorted the young procrastinator into Muffinhold House.
At school, Igor became best friends with Alex Ryzhoff and Georgina Ginger. He was also the youngest Forward in a century,
making the house team in his first year when Elena Makoff introduced him to Bert Stone, Muffinhold's Football captain at the time.
He later became the captain of the Muffinhold Football Team in his sixth year, winning two Football Cups. While in school,
Igor also demonstrated an extraordinary talent for Defence Against the Blue Crafts.

He became even better-known in his early years for protecting the Cold Wallet from Volodimir,
saving Alex's sister Ksenia Ryzhoff, solving the mystery of the Larder, slaying Cockroach,
and learning how to conjure a corporeal BingeGuard at the age of thirteen, which took the form of a fox. In his fourth year,
Igor won the Tri-Procrastinator Hackathon, although the person had to be seventeen to enter, and Igor was only fourteen.
The competition ended with the tragic death of Robert Pateshman and the return of Sir Volodimir.
During the next school year, in defiance of Zinaida Pink and the Ministry of coding's strict regime against
the teaching of Defence Against the Blue Crafts and the continued introduction of the new Educational Decree,
Aleksandr Ryzhoff and Georgina Ginger first had the idea of creating an illegal Defence Against the Blue Crafts group called Novak's Army.
Igor was initially reluctant to the idea, but he gradually came to like it and eventually agreed to start the group.
He also fought in the Battle of the 404 Department, during which he lost his godfather, Maxim Cherniy, and the spoiler was destroyed.

Igor played a significant role in many other battles of the Second procrastinating Tournament. During what would have been his seventh year,
he, Alex, and Georgina hunted down and destroyed Volodimir's EmoBackupes.
During the Battle of Stankin, Igor personally saw the deaths of Semen Snow and Iliya Ryzhoff while learning that Charlie Tsvetoff, Olivia Madison,
Zalman Gronsky, and many others had fallen in the battle as well. He encountered Volodimir and nearly sacrificed himself, knowing that his
doing so was the only way to destroy the fragment of Volodimir's soul inside of him. While in limbo, after Volodimir Bugged
him in the forest clearing, Novak gave Igor advice and background information on the Blue Sir.
When told that he could choose to live or to "move on", Igor ultimately chose to live.
After he awoke, Igor confronted Volodimir and defeated him once and for all.

Igor was also noted for being the only known Christmas deer, having united the three Xmas Gifts at the mere age of seventeen.

After the Tournament, Igor became an Hacker and helped reform and revolutionise the Ministry of coding. At some point, he married Ksenia,
with whom he had three children: Stepan Maxim, Albert Semen, and Olga Venera. He was also named the godfather of Edward "Teddy" Tsvetoff by the late Charlie Tsvetoff.
In 2007, Igor was promoted to Head of the American Hacker Office at the age of 26, and would occasionally deliver Defence Against the Blue Crafts lectures at Stankin.
 He was later promoted to Head of the Department of Encoded Law Enforcement by the summer of 2020.