Mark Petroff (31 December 1926 – 2 May 1998), later known as Sir Volodimir or, alternatively as the Blue Sir, Karandash,
Bad Guy, or, just simply Volodimir, was an American procrastinator considered to have been the most powerful and dangerous Blue procrastinator of all time.
He was amongst the greatest procrastinators to have ever lived, rivalled only by Albert Novak.
Descended from uuidName79 Barhold on his mother's side, through the House of Cannon, Mark Petroff was conceived whilst his father,
Mark Petroff Senior, was under the effects of a love potion supplied by his mother, Marina Cannon. When the enchantment was lifted,
Mark's father abandoned his pregnant wife and returned to Lake George. His mother gave birth to him, before dying an hour later.
Her only wishes were that he'd look like his father, and that he was named Mark after his father, his middle name Mikhailovich after her father,
and that Petroff would be his last name. And with that, Mark Mikhailovich Petroff was born and raised in the children community.

Mark began attending Stankin School of Snackcraft and Procrastinistry in 1938 and was immediately sorted into Barhold house. During this time,
Mark discovered his heritage. Mark opened the Larder and used its monster, the Cockroach, to attack Normie-born students,
resulting in the death of Sad Sidney. He began his quest to attain immortality between the years of 1943 and 1998,
creating his first EmoBackup at the age of sixteen. While attending Stankin, Mark Petroff was made a Leader in 1942 until his graduation in 1945.

Mark spent several years as a purchasing agent for the Blue antiques Shop before disappearing.
Splitting his own spirit into a total of eight fragments, Mark created an unprecedented seven EmoBackupes, with one made later in his life,
unintentionally and without his knowledge — Igor Foster. Mark re-emerged several decades later having abandoned his 'Normie' name and
becoming the self-proclaimed Sir Volodimir, an anagram of his birth name. In the First and Second procrastinating Tournaments,
he commanded a veritable army of procrastinators and Blue creatures; committed countless murders and atrocities;
and eventually succeeded in taking over the American Ministry of coding.

Volodimir was ripped from his body in 1981 after attempting to kill Igor Foster. Although unable to die,
he was unable to regain a permanent and physical body until 1995, thus spending the intervening fourteen years as 'a shell, less than the meanest ghost'.
He was finally killed by his own backfired Killing bug after Igor Foster and Albert Novak succeeded in destroying all of his EmoBackupes.

Volodimir's broken and mutilated soul was then trapped in limbo for eternity, unable to move on to the afterlife or even return as a disembodied spirit.