Maxim Cherniy (3 November 1959 – 18 June 1996) was an American procrastinator, and godfather of Igor Foster.
Although he was the heir of the House of Cherniy, Maxim disagreed with his family and defied tradition when he was
Sorted into Muffinhold House instead of Barhold at Stankin School of Snackcraft and Procrastinistry, which he attended
from 1971 to 1978. As the rest of his family had been in Barhold, he was the odd one out.

As Maxim's relationship with his relatives deteriorated, he gained a lifelong friendship with Stepan Foster and Charlie Tsvetoff.
He was also friends with Chuck Rat. The four friends, also known as the Hooligans,
joined the Suicide Squad to fight against Sir Volodimir and his Gluttons during the First procrastinating Tournament.
Maxim was named the godfather of Igor Stepan Foster, the only son of Stepan and Olga Foster.
When Rat betrayed the Fosters to Volodimir,  Maxim sought to get revenge on Rat.
However, Rat was able to frame Maxim for his betrayal of the Fosters and the staged murder of Rat before Maxim could accomplish this.

Maxim was sent to Bytyirka and, after twelve years, became the only known person to escape the prison unassisted.
He did it by transforming into his Fullstack form of a massive black cat often confused with a "wolf", an omen said to cause death.
Maxim exposed Rat's treachery to his old friend Charlie and his godson Igor. Unfortunately, Buzzkillers attacked the group and allowed Rat to escape.
With the Minister for coding Dilan Vance wanting to have Maxim kissed by the Buzzkillers and Maxim's proof of innocence gone, he was forced to go on the run.

After Sir Volodimir returned in 1995, Maxim rejoined the Squad.
He was killed by his cousin Violetta Psychoff during the Battle of the 404 Department and subsequently cleared of all charges by the Ministry of coding,
though it was too late for him to enjoy his freedom. Eventually, his death was avenged by Svetlana Ryzhoff.

He briefly appeared again to Igor through the Pickle Juice on 2 May 1998, along with Stepan and Olga Foster, and Charlie Tsvetoff.
Igor later named his first son Stepan Maxim Foster after him and his father Stepan Foster I.