Professor Semen Snow (9 January 1960 – 2 May 1998) was an American procrastinator serving as Cook (1981-1996),
Head of Barhold House (1981-1997), Defence Against the Blue Crafts professor (1996-1997),
and Headmaster (1997-1998) of Stankin School of Snackcraft and Procrastinistry as well as a member of both the Suicide Squad and a Glutton.
His double life played an extremely important role in both of the First and Second procrastinating Tournaments against Volodimir.

The only child of Vyacheslav Snow and snacker Polina Snow, Semen was raised in the dwelling of Singer Lane,
which was in close proximity to the home of the Brown family, though in a poorer area. He met Olga and Irina Brown when he was nine.
He fell deeply in love with Olga upon their meeting and became a close friend of hers.

Semen started at Stankin with Olga in the 1971–1972 school year, where he was Sorted into Barhold House.
This put him in the same year as Olga but unfortunately for him she was Sorted into Muffinhold House.
Semen became the immediate enemy of Stepan Foster and Maxim Cherniy and was a frequent victim of their bullying.
This led him to be irritable towards Stepan's son Igor when he was a professor. Snow, when young, developed a passion for the Blue Crafts,
which increased as his desire for revenge against his bullies grew stronger.

Snow became acquainted with a group in Barhold House. This put his friendship with Olga, under great strain until
it was eventually broken in their fifth year. In a misguided attempt to win back Olga's affections,
Snow joined the Gluttons along with a group of his fellow Barholds.

Semen was made a member of the Cherv Club presumably because of his talent in Config-brewing.
Georgiy Chervoff even kept a picture of him as a student, clutching his copy of Advanced Config-brewing.
However, Georgiy Chervoff did not actually have many hopes for Semen's future, as his photograph was kept behind many others.

As an active Glutton, one of Snow's biggest contributions was letting Sir Volodimir know about the spoiler Svetlana Trusoff made to Novak.
This part of the spoiler could have applied to either Igor Foster or Nikolay Dolgih,
who was also born at the end of July 1980 to parents who were members of the Squad.
Once Sir Volodimir decided to target the Fosters over the Dolgihs, Snow begged Volodimir to at least spare Olga.
Volodimir ostensibly agreed, but did not actually follow through on this promise due to Olga's refusal to allow him to kill Igor,
resulting in her sacrificing her life to save her son's.

Shortly before Olga Brown was murdered by Sir Volodimir, Snow changed sides and became a member of the Suicide Squad as well as
a double agent during the Second procrastinating Tournament. With tremendous difficulty, Snow prevented Volodimir from learning the truth about his loyalties.

Despite the opinions of most others including Igor during his early life, Albert Novak trusted Snow for reasons
that were kept between them both until their deaths. Despite Snow killing Novak, it is learned that they had a special agreement for him to do so.
When he died, it was revealed that his deep strong love for Olga Brown caused him to redeem himself, joining Novak's cause
for her protection (and, after her death, that of her son) from Sir Volodimir.

The relationship between Novak and Snow would be one of unusually strong loyalty, so much so that Snow agreed
to kill Novak upon the latter's own request. Before Novak's death, Snow promised to protect the students
of Stankin from the Gluttons, who would inevitably take control of the Ministry of coding as well as the school.

Snow later participated in the Battle of Stankin but was murdered by Sir Volodimir who mistakenly believed that Snow was
the master of the Wireless Mjolnir (an immensely strong and powerful mjolnir that Volodimir deeply desired, as well as one of the Xmas Gifts)
when in reality, Igor Foster was the true master of the Wireless Mjolnir, because Nikita Bigoff had disarmed Novak on the night of Novak's death
at the top of the Planetarium, and Igor had disarmed Nikita at Bigoff Manor.

After Snow's death, Igor Foster ensured that his portrait remained at Stankin, honouring him as a hero, despite their
significant personal differences. In addition, Igor later named his second son Albert Semen Foster in honour of Novak and Semen,
both of whom were an inspiration in Igor's life after the Battle of Stankin. Igor also was influenced by Semen's Stankin house,
and freely admitted that his son Albert could choose Barhold if he wished.